=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::PodSpelling - Author tests for POD spelling

=head1 VERSION

version 2.006009

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In C<dist.ini>:

	[Test::PodSpelling]

or:

	[Test::PodSpelling]
	directories = docs
	wordlist = Pod::Wordlist
	spell_cmd = aspell list
	stopwords = CPAN
	stopwords = github
	stopwords = stopwords
	stopwords = wordlist

If you're using C<[ExtraTests]> it must come after C<[Test::PodSpelling]>,
it's worth noting that this ships in the C<[@Basic]> bundle so you may have to
remove it from that first.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is an extension of L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::InlineFiles>, providing
the following file:

  xt/author/pod-spell.t - a standard Test::Spelling test

L<Test::Spelling> will be added as a develop prerequisite.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 directories

Additional directories you wish to search for POD spell checking purposes.
C<bin> and C<lib> are set by default.

=head2 wordlist

The module name of a word list you wish to use that works with
L<Test::Spelling>.

Defaults to L<Pod::Wordlist>.

=head2 spell_cmd

If C<spell_cmd> is set then C<set_spell_cmd( your_spell_command );> is
added to the test file to allow for custom spell check programs.

Defaults to nothing.

=head2 stopwords

If stopwords is set then C<add_stopwords( E<lt>DATAE<gt> )> is added
to the test file and the words are added after the C<__DATA__>
section.

C<stopwords> can appear multiple times, one word per line.

Normally no stopwords are added by default, but author names appearing in
C<dist.ini> are automatically added as stopwords so you don't have to add them
manually just because they might appear in the C<AUTHORS> section of the
generated POD document. The same goes for contributors listed under the
'x_contributors' field on your distributions META file.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 add_stopword

Called to add stopwords to the stopwords array. It is used to determine if
automagically detected words are valid and print out debug logging for the
process.

=for Pod::Coverage gather_files

=for Pod::Coverage mvp_multivalue_args
munge_files
munge_file
register_prereqs

=head1 SUPPORT

=for stopwords irc

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-PluginTest-PodSpelling>
(or L<bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-PodSpelling@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-PodSpelling@rt.cpan.org>).
I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 4

=item *

Caleb Cushing <xenoterracide@gmail.com>

=item *

Marcel Gruenauer <hanekomu@gmail.com>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2015 by Caleb Cushing.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Artistic License 2.0 (GPL Compatible)

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge Randy Stauner Graham Knop David Golden Harley Pig Alexandr Ciornii Breno G. de Oliveira

=over 4

=item *

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=item *

Randy Stauner <rwstauner@cpan.org>

=item *

Graham Knop <haarg@haarg.org>

=item *

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=item *

Harley Pig <harleypig@gmail.com>

=item *

Alexandr Ciornii <alexchorny@gmail.com>

=item *

Breno G. de Oliveira <garu@cpan.org>

=back

=cut
